[instrumental music]
Hey.
Steph, what's goin' on?
I'm just finishing
Comet's birthday cake.
I made his favorite,
meatloaf with cheese frosting.
That looks just great.
Just don't ask me
to lick off the spoon, okay?
Do I see a cake?
This is for
Comet's birthday party.
Keep your paws off.
I'll try but birthday cake
makes me crazy!
Did I just hear you
say you're throwing
a birthday party for Comet?
Look, I know
he's family, but--
Shhh.
Not in front of
the d-o-g.
I can spell Michelle.
'M-I-C..'
...H-E-L..
...L-L-L...E.
That was very good,
Michelle-el-el-el-el-el-el.
Dad, could you get Comet
out of the house later
so Joey and I can set up
his surprise party?
Oh and where do you want me to
take him, dinner and a movie?
Don't be silly.
He's a dog.
Take him shopping.
Hmm, frosting.
Yuck.
You're a bad cook.
[theme music]
♪ Ah ah ah ah ♪
♪ Ah ♪
♪ Whatever happened
to predictability ♪
♪ The milkman
the paper boy ♪
♪ Evenin' TV ♪
♪ When did I get to livin' here
somebody tell me please ♪
♪ This whole world's
confusing me ♪
♪ Clouds as mean
as you've ever seen ♪
♪ Ain't a bird
who knows your tune ♪
♪ Then a little voice
inside you whispers ♪
♪ Kid don't sell your
dreams so soon ♪
♪ Everywhere you look
everywhere you look ♪
♪ There's a heart ♪
♪ A hand to hold onto ♪
♪ Everywhere you look
everywhere you look ♪
♪ There's a face
of somebody who needs you ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ When you're lost out there
and you're all alone ♪
♪ A light is waiting
to carry you home ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ Ah ah ah ah ♪
♪ Shooby-do-ba-botta ♪♪
[instrumental music]
[guitar music]
♪ My Sharona ♪
♪ Doo doo doo doo
doot deet ♪
♪ Now now now now now ♪
♪ Nee nee nee nee nee ♪
♪ Noo noo noo noo noo ♪
♪ Noo noo noo noo
nun-nun-nun-nun ♪
♪ Ninny-ninny-oo
Waa waa waa ♪♪
Get down, Joseph.
I am down.
I can't get up.
- Come on.
- Whoa.
Thanks, Jess.
Hey, aren't you gonna be late
for your high school reunion?
I'm just going over
some old tunes.
Getting back together with my
old high school band tonight.
Wow. 10-year
high school reunion.
Hey, you're sure getting up
there, aren't you, grandpa?
Joseph, in life, what's
important is not your age
but how much hair
you have left.
Life is good.
[telephone rings]
(Jesse on speaker)
'Talk to me.'
[beep]
[female #1]
♪ Muskrat, Muskrat ♪
♪ Candlelight ♪
♪ Doin' the town
and doin' it right ♪♪
'Let's do it
right...tonight.'
'We've got 10 years
to make up for, Jesse.'
'I'll see you later.'
My old girlfriend Carrie,
singing our old song.
- I don't believe it.
- Me neither.
Your song was
"Muskrat Love?"
It was playing
the first time we kissed.
Where were you,
in an elevator?
Don't be dumb.
It was a dentist's office.
Joseph, you should've
seen her.
She had the most
incredible hypnotic eyes
the face of an angel
the most amazing body.
- Remember Becky?
- She was okay.
Carrie Fowler..
She was like my first
great love, you know?
Yeah.
Me and her
had all these dreams.
We dreamt of
getting married
and having kids,
graduating.
I haven't seen her
in 10 years.
And I'm gonna
see her tonight.
Jess, what happens if all those
old feelings come back?
'You're engaged.'
- Oh, my God, I'm not going.
- Oh, come on, Jess.
You've got to go to your
high school reunion.
Just bring somebody along that
can, you know, distract her.
Somebody intelligent, sexy
extremely attractive.
You're right, Joey.
- Becky.
- 'In here, Jess.'
I'm glad you're still here.
Listen, remember I said
that you didn't have to come
to my reunion, because
you'd be bored to death?
Yes.
And I can't thank you enough.
You're welcome
and you're coming.
Jesse, Rebecca's
taking me and Kimmy
down to the station.
We get to eye witness
Eyewitness News.
But this is my
10-year reunion.
I wanna show off my fiance.
10-year reunion?
Boy, you are ancient.
That means you started high
school before I was even born.
That's why we call 'em
"The good old days."
Well, this is research for an
article for the school paper.
I'm the editor.
I gave myself an assignment.
So if I don't come through
for me I'm gonna have to
give myself a stern lecture
in front of the whole class.
And it's really hard
to do "This" to yourself.
We better go.
Yeah, what time does
the 6:00 news start?
Please tell me
you're kidding.
I am sorry sweetheart,
I promised the girls.
Have a great time
at your reunion.
Okay, I just wanna
give you a goodbye kiss.
Just one more.
Just..
Jess...
you are coming back,
aren't you?
Well, here we are,
birthday boy.
Home again after
our long, long walk.
Hmm, Comet, I wonder why
it's so quiet in there.
Why don't we go in and see?
Surprise.
This is so great.
Did you see the look
on Comet's face?
What about the look
on my face?
Steph, I think it's wonderful
that you wanted
to throw Comet
a birthday party
but did you have to invite
every dog on the block?
Does anybody here
have to use the hydrant?
Hey don't take it
personally, guys.
He says that to all
his dinner guests.
Dad, you know
all of Comet's friends.
'There's Bobo, Winkie'
'Sparky, Jar-Jar'
'and Jaws.'
Oh, thank you. It's nice
to meet you, too, Jaws.
Just for the record,
I am not now
nor have I ever been
a mailman, okay?
You're little,
just like me.
Do I look like
an ice cream cone?
♪ Rappy Rirthday Roo Roo ♪
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday,
dear Comet ♪
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
Roo.
Okay, Comet, make a wish.
You got it, boy?
Now blow out the candle.
Steph, the dog cannot
blow out a birthday candle.
Okay, smart guy
now let's see you cut the cake
and pass out slices.
Hey, cat-man.
Hammer.
[both laughing]
- Argh.
- Hut.
Whoa.
Jess, you look
exactly the same.
Hammer, you...don't.
I'm just kidding.
You don't know if Carrie Fowler
is here yet, do you?
Why, you still got
the hots for Carrie?
No, no..
You happen to be looking at a
guy who's engaged to be married.
No. You?
Mr. Party-machine?
The human love factory?
Hey, guys, cat-man's
getting married.
- Yay.
Whoa. Watch the hair.
Watch the hair.
Come on, guys,
we're mature adults.
Grow up.
Aah!
Come on, let's
rock 'n' roll, fellas.
Jess, you sure you want
to start playing now?
Didn't we used to like
to wait until, you know
Carrie was sitting up there,
really nice and close
watching you?
I'm happily engaged.
Carrie means nothing to me.
Alright.
Welcome back to 1980.
[crowd cheering]
We're back.
We're bad.
- We're Discipline Problems.
- 'Discipline Problems.'
[rock music]
♪ Ooh my little
pretty one ♪
♪ My pretty one ♪
♪ When you gonna give me
some time Sharona ♪
♪ Ooh, you make my motor run
my motor run ♪
♪ Gun it coming off
of the line Sharona ♪
♪ Muh-muh-muh-my-Sharona ♪
Carrie, man.
♪ Muh-muh-muh mercy.. ♪
Hi.
Hammer, she wants you.
Yeah, in my dreams.
- Get down there.
- Okay.
I'll say hi
to an old friend.
That's what reunions
are all about.
Hey, Carrie, old buddy.
How are you doing?
Jesse, come here.
Hey, look who's
on the dance floor.
Golden Bay high's
hottest couple of 1980
picking up right where
they left off.
Hi.
I can say hi
to all my friends and..
...I'll be around to hug each
and everyone, momentarily.
And believe it or not
this was Jesse and
Carrie's song.
Muskrat Love.
[instrumental music]
- Jess, we have to dance.
- Okay.
Come on.
It is so good
to see you again.
It's good
to see you, too.
Been in Europe
this whole time?
Yeah.
I'm really sorry
we lost touch, Jesse.
But...we're touching now.
Did I mention
I'm engaged?
'Cause I am.
I'm engaged.
I'm an engaged guy.
Happy, happy, happy engaged.
I mean people down
the street and go, "Whoa..
there goes a happy
engaged guy."
You're not married yet?
No.
Well, maybe there's a reason
that fate brought us
together tonight.
It wasn't fate.
It was the reunion committee.
You know what I mean.
Jesse, I didn't know
how I was gonna feel
seeing you again.
But being back in you arms,
it's like nothing's changed.
Don't you remember the
last time we were together?
[motorcycle revving]
Jesse, you're gonna
get in trouble.
I graduate tomorrow.
What'll they do, expel me?
Come on, let's go take
this baby to the library.
Always wondered what it
looked like in there.
Jesse, wait a minute.
We have to talk.
You remember when I
sent my pictures
to that modeling agency?
Yeah.
Well, they loved them.
And they offered me
a job in Paris.
In Paris?
You can't go to Paris.
What do you mean
I can't go?
You're supposed to come on
the road with me and my band.
What about my
modeling career?
Jesse, this is the biggest
break I've ever had.
You want me to just
throw it away?
Yeah.
My band's really
starting to take off now.
Someday we're gonna be
as big as the Village People.
How can you be
so selfish?
- What about me?
- No, what about me?
What about us?
It sounds like
we're breaking up.
I don't want
to do that.
Neither do I.
Alright.
Listen.
Go do your modeling thing.
I'll go do
my rock 'n' roll
and I promise you
as soon as you get back
we're gonna pick it up
where we left off.
You really mean that?
Read my lips.
Jess, this is our
second chance.
You're not gonna break
your promise, are you?
Carrie, that was
10 years ago.
I know, but it still
doesn't feel over.
Does it?
I don't know.
Carrie, I got to go.
I'm sorry.
Sparky.
- Sparky.
Well, I walked all
the other dogs home.
Any luck finding Sparky yet?
Not a trace.
But I did find 38 cents
and a rubber pork chop.
Joey, if you were a dog,
where would you be?
Hmm.
Drinking water
out of the toilet.
I'll go check.
Let's get Comet
to help us find Sparky.
I'm afraid Comet's a little
partied out right now.
You can be my dog.
I'll call you peanut.
(D.J.)
'Michelle.'
Go hide under the bed.
But no barking.
Hey, Michelle,
have you seen Sparky?
No Sparky here.
Have a nice day.
[barking]
Did that bunny rabbit
just bark?
That was me.
Arf, arf, arf,
arf, arf, arf
arf, arf..
[barking]
Maybe it's a doggie.
Maybe it's Sparky.
His name is Peanut,
and he's my doggie.
But Michelle, you already
have a doggie.
What's wrong with Comet?
One day Comet was
this big.
Now he's this big.
Oh, I see.
You want a dog that's your size.
Well, the reason that
Comet got so big
is because dogs grow
faster than people.
But Comet's all
finished growing.
And you're still
getting bigger.
So as you get bigger Comet will
seem to be getting smaller.
Even though in fact
he's staying the same size.
Understand?
Are you nuts?
How about if I take
Sparky home
and then I make you
a double scoop ice-cream sundae?
You got it, dude.
Next time,
I'll skip the speech
and go straight
for the ice cream.
Danny, I've got
to talk to you.
Just a minute. Few of Comet's
friends left their coats behind.
This is important.
Listen.
I was dancing with my old
girlfriend Carrie
and they played
Muskrat Love, right.
I had to run right out
of the gym.
You know, of all the songs
about muskrats
that one was my favorite.
♪ Muskrat Suzie
Muskrat Sam ♪♪
Danny, please.
Come on,
I need your help here.
I just kept thinking, what if I
saw Carrie before I met Becky?
You know, like, what if
instead of 10-year reunions
they had like
7-year reunions?
What if I saw her and
what if I danced with her
and what if I kissed her?
And what if I liked it?
What if Becky hears you?
She's upstairs with the girls.
- Becky's here?
- Jess, Jess, come here.
Calm down.
Look, I think
what you need to do
is sort out your feelings
like you'd sort out
your laundry.
Daniel.
Now stay with me on this.
Think of your feelings
for Becky as your whites
and your feelings
for Carrie as your darks.
Now make sure
you do separate loads.
Otherwise a red sock
could get in with your whites
and then you wind up
with pink underwear.
I'm sorry,
these laundry analogies
are highly sophisticated.
Look, I think
Becky's the greatest.
But it's not fair for either
of you to get married
if you're not sure
about your feelings.
Whatever you need to
do to sort this thing out
you better do it right now.
Hi, Jess.
Who's that?
It's the red sock.
What are you doing here?
I'm here to find out why you
walked out on me tonight.
Carrie, I'm sorry if I hurt
your feelings, but..
You know, I thought I had
my whole life figured out.
Then you show up and now
I don't know what I'm doing.
I think you're scared
you still have feelings for me.
There's only one way
to find out.
Carrie..
Well?
Well, that was
a wonderful kiss.
It made me think of all the
great times we had together.
But, Carrie,
it made me realize
that everything we have
is in the past.
So it's really over?
It's really over.
Well, I needed to know.
Me, too.
Thanks for the dance.
Goodbye, Jesse.
Goodbye, Carrie.
Becky.
Oh, I'm so happy to see you.
What happened?
How was your re..
...union?
The most incredible
thing happened.
Really?
I saw my old girlfriend
and she looked so beautiful.
Really?
Yeah. Yeah.
And then, get this
we slow-danced
to our song.
Really?
Yeah. And then
we kissed, okay?
You kissed her?
Yeah, but listen, see--
- You kissed her?
- Listen, one second, Becky--
- Yes, I kissed her
But the best part was
after the kiss.
I'll kill you.
Becky, listen.
When I kissed her
I realized that
I never wanna kiss
anyone but you
for as long as I live.
I love you so much.
Oh, Jess.
Why did you have to
go and kiss her?
Well..
It's just part of my past
that I had to clear up.
I mean, let's face it.
Getting married
is the biggest decision
I've ever had to
make in my life.
I didn't know
you were having any doubts.
Well, not doubts exactly.
They're more like
little doubtlets.
I guess I understand.
It took me two years
to say yes.
Now are you 100 percent sure?
I'm sure
that I love you.
And that's all I need.
I mean, there are
no guarantees
but I believe in you.
And I believe in us.
So do I, Becky.
And I know
in my heart
that this is
going to work.
I love you.
[instrumental music]
- Have mercy.
Honey, just one
little question.
Yep.
When is your next
high-school reunion?
- 10 years.
- I'm going.
♪ Ah ah ah ah ♪
[theme music]
♪ Shooby-do-ba-botta ♪♪